[OPERATOR] Optional deployment of cert-management component (#9957)
gardener/gardener: docs/concepts/operator.md

It is possible to define the minimum size for `PersistentVolumeClaim`s in the runtime cluster created by `gardener-operator` via the `.spec.runtimeCluster.volume.minimumSize` field.
This can be relevant in case the runtime cluster runs on an infrastructure that does only support disks of at least a certain size.

#### Cert-Management

The operator can deploy the Gardener [cert-management](https://github.com/gardener/cert-management) component optionally.

> A default issuer has to specified and will be deployed, too. Please note that the cert-controller-manager is configured to use `DNSRecords` for ACME DNS challenges on certificate requests. A suitable provider extension must be deployed in this case, e.g. using an operator extension resource.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A default issuer has to be specified and will be deployed, too. Please note that the `cert-controller-manager` is configured to use `DNSRecords` for ACME DNS challenges on certificate requests. A suitable provider extension must be deployed in this case, e.g. using an operator extension resource.
```

The default issuer must be set at `.spec.runtimeCluster.certManagement.defaultIssuer` either specifying an ACME or CA issuer.

> If the cert-controller-manager should make requests to any ACME server with a self-signed TLS certificate, CA certificates can be provided using a secret with data field `bundle.crt` referenced with `.spec.runtimeCluster.certManagement.config.caCertificatesSecretRef`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the `cert-controller-manager` should make requests to any ACME servers running with self-signed TLS certificates, the related CA can be provided using a secret with data field `bundle.crt`, referenced via  `.spec.runtimeCluster.certManagement.config.caCertificatesSecretRef`.
```

##### Default Issuer using an ACME server

Please provide at least server and e-mail address. 

```yaml
spec:
  runtimeCluster:
    certManagement:
      defaultIssuer:
        ACME:
          server: https://acme-v02.api.letsencrypt.org/directory
          email: some.name@my-email-domain.com

>           #secretRef:
>           #  name: defaultIssuerPrivateKey
>           #precheckNameservers:
>           #- 1.2.3.4
>           #- 5.6.7.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # secretRef:
        #   name: defaultIssuerPrivateKey
        # precheckNameservers:
        # - 1.2.3.4
        # - 5.6.7.8
```

>         #  precheckNameservers:
>         #  - 1.2.3.4
>         #  - 5.6.7.8

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        # precheckNameservers:
        # - 1.2.3.4
        # - 5.6.7.8
```

```

If needed, an existing ACME account can be specified with the `secretRef`. The referenced secret must contain a field `privateKey`. Otherwise, an account is auto-registered if supported by the ACME server.
If you are using a private DNS server, you may need to set the `precheckNameservers` used to check the propagation of the DNS challenges.

##### Default Issuer using a root or intermediate CA

> If you want to use a self-signed root or intermediate CA for signing the certificates, provide a TLS secret containing the CA and reference it with

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use a root or intermediate CA for signing the certificates, provide a TLS secret containing the CA and reference it as shown in the example below.
```

Nit: They are always self-signed.
